cause confusion during planning and execution. Unplanned or hasty LZs should be referred to as Black, Gold, and Silver.4. Landing Sites (LS): Named after colors or after cardinal directions (north, northwest, etc.). Experience has shown that using cardinal directions increases situational awareness.5. Landing Points (LP): Numbered.6. Battle Positions (BP): Named after animals, beginning with snakes.7. Holding Areas (HA): Named after women. 8. Firing Points (FP): Assigned numbers.9. Initial Points (IP): Named after cars. Depicted as squares.10. Mission Coordination Areas (MCA): Named after sodas.11. Airspace Coordination Areas (ACA): Named after camera manufacturers.12. FARPS: Named after fast food restaurants.13. Air-to-Air Refueling (AAR) Tracks: Named after gas stations. When working with joint platforms ensure platform specific callsigns and AAR Track names are de-conflicted.14. Execution Checklist: Labeled with a theme (alphabetically) for mandatory items and a separate theme (alphabetically) for exception items. UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO 13MSN PLNGNTTP 3-22.5-ASTACSOP, October 2019 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUOMISSION BRIEFING1. Prior to mission initiation, multiple briefs are required, with varying audience and attendance at each. A. Confirmation Brief 1) This is a brief with all participants from across the MAGTF showcasing full MAGTF integration and an appropriate risk analysis to allow for a successful mission. This is given to the MAGTF Commander and is sent to higher headquarters for validation and approval. Any leader with actions that warrant briefing or drive mission triggers should be present and prepared to speak. B. AMC / Combined Brief 1) The AMC leads the brief, displaying ACE integration with the Ground Tactical Plan to ensure synchronization across all ACE entities. Strive for attendance by all participating aircrew. C. Element flight briefs 1) Flights should break up by mission set (Assaults, Escorts, Strike) for element briefs with all aircrew in attendance. The Flight lead presents this brief.MISSION DEBRIEFSDebriefs are conducted for each flight and can be broken down into two areas: Intelligence and operations. Actual contingency sorties or scenario-based training sorties involving the intelligence section debrief with the S-2 prior to conducting operational debriefs. Following the intelligence debrief, an operations debrief occurs.Video (platform-applicable) is viewed during all intelligence and operations debriefs. This validates target engagement and BDA, facilitates intelligence analysis and ensures quality system management and optimum use of on-board sensors.Tactical training sortie debriefs foster learning and promote discussion about Tactics, Techniques, and Procedures (TTP). The debrief is conducted by the flight lead or designated representative (e.g., PUI in lead aircraft).A scribe should be designated for debriefs to log lessons learned in the record established by the tactics section (e.g., flight lessons learned, EOTDA, FLIR performance versus weather conditions). For larger scale operations or exercises, the mission debrief period should start at the element level (e.g., sections / individual flights) and end with the AMC / mission commander level. At the higher-level mission debriefs the element / flight leaders normally debrief to the mission audience on behalf of that element / flight.A mission debriefing guide can be found in the Briefing Templates tab.NTTP 3-22.5-ASTACSOP, October 2019 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO 14 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUOTHIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO 15NTTP 3-22.5-ASTACSOP, October 2019 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUOGCE