and reply authentication should be used whenever possible. The called party will always make the first challenge. The called party should always challenge the calling party when directed to do things that may affect the combat situation (if secure communications are being utilized, this is not required).The party making the call may counter-challenge the called party using a different challenge.Transmission authentication is used to validate the authenticity of the message when it is impossible or impractical to use challenge and reply (e.g., imposing radio silence, transmitting in the blind, transmitting to a station that is under radio listening silence).HOW TO USE THE TRIAD SYSTEM1. To challenge . Select a three-letter combination beginning with the letter “A.” Use the procedure in the next step to determine the correct response to the challenge.NOTERandom selection is essential for security reasons. Do not repeat challenges. NTTP 3-22.5-ASTACSOP, October 2019 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO 204 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO2. To reply . Since all challenges are from the “A” (alpha) row, and the matrix extract has already taken this into account, you need only use the second and third letter to determine the correct reply. Take the second letter and go to the row indicated by that letter. (Rows are indicated by the far left single column of letters in bold print). Move right on that row until you reach the third letter of the challenge. The letter immediately BELOW that third letter is the correct reply.CAUTIONEven though the first letter “A” is not used by those using this extract matrix, it is important that the “A” be transmitted when issuing a challenge because the compatible material used with this system must use the “A” to determine correct authentication reply.EXAMPLE —If you were challenged with the letters “ ACH ,” your reply should be “V.”(The letter “A” is not used.) 2nd LETTER 3rd LETTERC AV R C U L F X H JSQ K D PM N ZG EYBTID PH W G D U O QV LKR N A JM C SF IEXTYREPLYEXAMPLE“METAL 41 this is W16 request you authenticate (ACH), over.”“W16 this is METAL 41 I authenticate (V)”3. Transmission authentication : Each transmission authentication table contains two-letter authenticators for each 2-minuteUsed when it is impossible or impractical to use challenge-reply authentication.A. Each transmission authentication table contains two-letter authenticators for each 2-minute period. To select the correct authenticator group, first note the actual time of transmission, then locate the column at the top of the page which contains the current hour (i.e., 0800, 1600). Next, proceed down the column to the digit number corresponding to the current number of minutes past the hour. The authenticator is the two-letter group printed adjacent to the minutes indicator. (If the current number of minutes past the hour is an odd number, subtract 1 minute.) EXAMPLETransmission at 1519 during Time Period 01:“METAL 41 this is DEVASTATE do not answer, you are cleared Zebra, Frog, Gambler, 300’. At Gambler contact BROADSWORD 14. Authentication is (VX).” UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO 205NTTP 3-22.5-ASTACSOP, October 2019 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUOTRIAD MATRIXALPHA LINE AUTHENTICATORS TIME PERIOD