each aircraft should test-fire and check movement of the weapons in a designated area to ensure proper operation. Test-firing rockets is not necessary due to reliability and the need to retain these stores. AH-1 crews will expend a continuous 3–5 second burst of 20mm to assess boresight. Door and ramp gunners will fire a 2–3 second burst. ALEs will be tested by expending one reactive program. Laser range finders, IR pointers, and designators should also be test-fired. If HELLFIRE is carried, test to be sure laser energy is acquired. Pass all “BENT” systems to Flight Lead. UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO 131NTTP 3-22.5-ASTACSOP, October 2019 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUOEN ROUTE OPSNOTETactical consideration should be given to number of chaff and flare dispenses remaining after testing the systems. Chaff and flare reserves could be depleted below those required to complete one full engagement by testing the system. Aircrew should balance last dispense test, threat environment and recent fleet trends regarding reliability prior to testing ALE-47 with a dispense.NAVIGATION PROCEDURESPrimary navigation responsibility rests with the flight leader. All aircrew shall support the flight lead and challenge any perceived navigation deviation when briefed Magellan parameters are exceeded. Automated navigation systems will be cross-checked with dead reckoning.1. Columbus procedures . Deliberate navigational deviations shall be preceded with the proword “COLUMBUS” and the direction and distance of the deviation from a checkpoint or key terrain feature.2. Magellan procedures . Unplanned navigational deviation shall be challenged with the proword “MAGELLAN” followed by a steer (azimuth and distance) to the briefed course line or the next checkpoint.3. GPS denial. If GPS denial is suspected en route or within the Obj Area, INS update points should be planned along the route of flight along in addition to landing / laager points to the max extent practical.MAGELLAN STANDARDSLateral deviations1:50,000 routes ±500 meters 1:250,000 routes ±1 nmV-22: ±5 nmHeading deviations 15°Timing deviations±1 minuteV-22: ±2 minuteOther deviationsOverflightofthecheckpointwithoutappropriateturn or maneuverNOTEMETT-TC may dictate tailoring the Magellan standards to address combat / contingency situations.NTTP 3-22.5-ASTACSOP, October 2019 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO 132 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUOBATTLE DAMAGE CHECKS (BDC)BDCs are completed as necessary by flights as they egress the objective area and are past the last point of probable enemy contact. The flight lead initiates the checks via radio (e.g., “SCARFACE 25 FLIGHT, HOLSTER”).1. Flight of two . Following the command to initiate the BDC, the tactical wingman slides into cruise formation and visually inspects the Lead’s aircraft. When complete with the first side, the tactical wingman crosses over (observing the top of the Lead’s aircraft) and visually inspects the Lead’s opposite side. When finished, the tactical wingman initiates a lead change. The visual inspection repeats after the lead change. Damage reports are passed by exception.2. Flight of three . Following the command to initiate the BDC, Dash 3 inspects Dash 2. When complete, Dash 2 inspects Dash 3. Lastly, Dash 2 inspects Lead.3. Larger flights . Follow the procedures as outlined for flights of two and three, depending on whether there is an even or odd number of aircraft in the flight. UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO 133NTTP 3-22.5-ASTACSOP, October