and the last two numbers of their SSN / DoDID (e.g., Cpl Smith = SM12)• If more than one isolated person, use alphanumeric designation (e.g., Hammer 11A, Hammer 11B).• Determine the primary frequency the isolated personnel are using to communicate, followed by alternate frequency, and radio ID.2 Number of IPs • Provide the actual number, if known, or estimated number, if not. 3 Location• LOCATION: Format In Accordance With (IAW) the PR SPINS• ELEVATION: If known• DTG: Always provide the date/time the coordinates are derived• SOURCE: Always provide the originating source of the coordinates (e.g., CSEL, BULLSEYE, SARNEG, or overfly mark).• TRANSLATIONS: Ensure that no errors are made if coordinate format is changed and notify the receiving agency4 Condition • Ambulatory / Non-ambulatory / Any known injuries and treatments5 Equipment• List any specific survival equipment and communications equipment the isolated personnel are known to possess. • If the EPA is known, inform the TRAP force and provide the information, if requested. 6Authentication Method• Provide authentification methods used• Provide follow-on authentication plans, if required (e.g., RV will re-authenticate using the number of the day).OBJECTIVE AREA INFORMATION7 Threats• Provide current threat picture to the isolated personnel and TRAP force in order of precedence.8Pick-up Zone (PZ) Description• Provide coordinates and elevation of the designated PZ if different from the isolated person’s location.• Describe the LZ, including size, shape, slope, and distance, and range to the survivor, if offset, and any ITG available.9On Scene Commander• Provide call sign and frequency of the OSC. / RMC • Provide playtime and call sign of follow-on OSC / RMC if expected.NTTP 3-22.5-ASTACSOP, October 2019 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO 152 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUOJOINT PR EXECUTION BRIEF (PR 15-line)EXECUTION INFORMATION10 RV • Provide call sign, type, and primary frequency for the RV11Initial Point / Ingress Routing • Use tactical reporting points, when available• Provide MGRS / coordinates / description.• Provide routing or heading inbound, as required12 RESCORT • Provide call sign, type, and freq of the primary RESCORT asset 13Objective Area Game Plan• Provide a detailed game plan for the execution to include, but not limited to the following:• The planned recovery option and any special equipment required: Hoist, medical equipment, extrication equipment, etc. • Pre-planned fires / Actions on contact• Contingencies, if not previously coordinated• L-Hour and expected time on deck 14 Recovery Signal• Brief procedures for contact with the isolated personnel.• Aircraft, who will contact, and how any signaling devices are utilized. 15Egress Point / Egress Routing• Use tactical reporting points, when available.• Provide MGRS / coordinates / description. • Provide routing or heading outbound, as required.OBJECTIVE AREA GAME PLAN1. Ingress and egress proceduresA. The objective area game plan is briefed by the RMC on the designated coordination frequency prior to execution and includes the actions of each player in detail and contingencies. The level of pre-mission planning determines the level of detail required. B. RV OPTIONS. There are three standard options used for the RV execution plan. METT-TC may require the TRAP force to change their SOM. (1) “SNATCH” — The