/ frequencies, as well as alternates.(6) Mission videotapes: In order to provide the most accurate BDA possible, ensure that the NTIS is oriented at the target during the attack. At the earliest possible opportunity upon return, provide mission tape to the S-2 for analysis.12. Contingencies : “What if” your plan and determine possible contingencies, including but not limited to TRAP, CASEVAC, immediate re-embark, emergency extract, and asset attrition.13. Extraction plan :A. Lift requirements.B. Assets available.C. Intelligence:(1) Enemy: Determine time for reinforcements / size.(2) Weather: Determine if escorts will be available.(3) Terrain: Evaluate for cover, concealment and apply to alternate LZ as well. UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO 103NTTP 3-22.5-ASTACSOP, October 2019 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUOBRIEFING CONSIDERATIONSD. Fire support requirements: Determine what is needed for the extract.E. Loading plan: Determine the supported unit’s location, friendly marking plan, ITG, frequencies, and call signs. This plan may be as simple as the reverse of the insertion if supporting the same unit.14. Egress :A. Departure procedures:(1) Establish procedures for departing the zone as a flight. (2) Establish procedures, calls, and methods of de-confliction for departure from an LZ as single aircraft with or without interval (e.g., hot LZ, vehicle interdiction).B. Rendezvous procedures:(1) On deck:(A) Ensure that the plan includes mutual support and 360-degree lookout coverage.(B) Analyze the terrain to determine if it is conducive for assault aircraft landings.(2) In flight:(A) Specify the briefed altitude, airspeed, lighting, heading (or orbit direction), communication required, and procedures for a running or carrier-type join-up.(B) Plan for maximum endurance airspeed to conserve fuel.(C) Specify the amount of time you can delay the flight.C. Route: (1) Determine primary and alternate routes.(2) Determine who has authority to change the route and the triggers necessary to shift to alternate routing.(3) Evaluate the advantages and disadvantages of the terrain and whether a threat can affect both the primary and alternate routes.(4) Navigation:(A) Determine who has the navigation responsibility.(B) Establish the “MAGELLAN” parameters.(5) Confirm that checkpoints are easy to see and offer limiting features.(6) Determine if the altitudes aid in navigation then analyze how different altitudes may aid or hinder navigation.(A) Determine if the altitudes are consistent with the current threat level.(B) Determine if the altitudes help or hinder communications.(7) Airspeed:(A) Evaluate if the airspeeds planned affect the escorts’ ability to cover the flight.(B) Determine if the planned airspeeds provide flexibility.(8) Determine fuel required to RTB and / or FARP.(9) Determine the last probable point of enemy contact.(10) Determine location and procedures for FENCE checks and battle damage checks.15. Return to Force (RTF) procedures :A. Ensure that all agencies are familiar with the plan (e.g., TACC, TAOC, and DASC).B. Determine if IFF is necessary in accordance with EMCON, and if so, who will assign the codes.NTTP 3-22.5-ASTACSOP, October 2019 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO 104 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUOC. Determine if code words can be passed via MODE 1 codes without interfering with separate missions.D. Ensure that routes and fuels are in compliance with established RTF procedures.E. Determine the lame-duck procedures for aircraft with faulty communication equipment or transponders (if one does not exist or does not support