in the flight is blind, execute separation per the IIMC fan break procedures replacing MSA with flight lead directed altitude.RENDEZVOUSThe following are methods to rejoin the flight.1. Airborne rendezvous. The flight proceeds to a designated checkpoint called by Lead. The lead aircraft in the flight shall approach the rendezvous point at assigned route altitude and establish a right-hand racetrack pattern at 80 KIAS (1-minute legs) oriented along the route of flight. Aircraft in flight rejoin on lead high to low maintaining 200’ of separation until visual and in a position to rejoin. Consider the use of aircraft lighting and air to air TACAN to affect the rendezvous.NTTP 3-22.5-ASTACSOP, October 2019 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO 130 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO2. On Deck Rendezvous. An on deck rendezvous may be the best way to rejoin a flight depending on the tactical situation. 3. BULLSEYE calls. An effective way to communicate aircraft position in relation to a common reference point. BULLSEYE reference points may come from theater SPINS, pre-mission planning, or on-call during execution. BULLSEYE calls are made in the format of “(call sign), BULLSEYE (ref point), (bearing from), (DME), (altitude).”4. MV-22 airborne rendezvous : A. MV-22B conversion mode . Flight Lead shall announce rendezvous point, altitude, and holding course, and fly 1-minute legs, right-hand turns. Aircraft join holding in dash number multiplied by 500 feet from high to low. B. MV-22B airplane mode . Flight Lead shall announce rendezvous point, altitude, and holding course, and fly 5-nm legs, right-hand turns. Aircraft join holding in dash number multiplied by 500 feet from high to low.HOLDING1. Holding can be accomplished airborne or on deck. 2. The standard helicopter holding pattern is 300 feet AGL, 80 KIAS, right-hand turns.3. MV-22B airborne holding. A. MV-22B conversion mode . Flight Lead shall announce altitude and holding course, and fly 1-minute legs and right-hand turns.B. MV-22B airplane mode . Flight Lead shall announce altitude and holding course, and fly 5-nm legs and right-hand turns.ON-DECK HOLDING1. Flight Lead orients the flight in order to maximize visibility and sectors of fire. Lookout should afford 360 degrees of coverage. When flights are ready to lift, call “____ FLIGHT LIFTING.”2. For large formations, flight leaders may separate elements by space. Individual elements rendezvous on deck using the procedure delineated in the above paragraph.DOWNED AIRCRAFTThe designated flight lead should be assigned as the primary OSC. During personnel recovery operations, the OSC may change based on METT-TC as well as TOS and aircraft capabilities. The initial OSC should be prepared to pass information to the replacement utilizing the OSC checklist in this publication. If an immediate pick-up is required and a deliberate TRAP is not available / feasible, make every attempt to recover the downed aircrew with an on-scene assault aircraft. The OSC coordinates cover and calls for supporting arms. In an in extremis combat situation, AH-1 aircraft may be used to pick up limited numbers of personnel. AH-1s can be configured with straps in the ammunition bay attached to the 20mm box.WEAPON SYSTEMS CHECKSEn route to the objective area,