theater to theater. Execution templates must be tailored to individual missions based on tactical considerations. For more detailed information regarding VBSS, the following references are available.A. NTTP 3-07.11 Maritime Interdiction Operations (MIO) . B. NAWDC Seawolf Manual , Vol-4, Chapter 4.16, MIO, which is a classified manual, provides execution templates and planning considerations which the Navy uses when conducting VBSS. This publication is available on the NAWDC SIPR website.PLANNING CONSIDERATIONS2. Vessel IntelligenceThe priority intelligence requirement is the extent to which the ship may be under control of the hostile force. If there is any doubt or if the situation is unknown, treat the situation as if the entire ship is under the control of hostile forces. The following are additional Critical Contact of Interest (CCOI) (May also be referred to as Vessel of Interest) planning considerations.A. CCOI blueprints, material composition, and architecture – Height of decks, vertical obstructions, locations of key engineering spaces, bridge, white and navigational lighting locations, etc.B. CCOI capabilities – Cruising / maximum speeds and maneuverabilityC. Imagery – Acquiring current images of the CCOI aid in determining any obstacles or ship counter-measures and defenses.D. Potential insert points – Dedicated helicopter pads (size/ Max Gross Weight), fastrope insert points, and obstructionsE. CCOI radar / early warning and communications capabilitiesF. CCOI defense assets – Traditional/non-traditional (such as water cannons)G. Personnel aboard and dispositionH. Flag/country CCOI is registered underI. Cargo aboard – HAZMAT / CBRN concernsJ. Location of nearby vessels / aircraft that may interfere with operations.3. Environmental Considerations A. Winds / cloud decks / precipitationB. Sea state – Typically, if above 3, surface assets are not approved for use in insertionC. Light level / astronomical data4. Type of AssaultA. Top-down – Raid force is inserted entirely by air assets. If tactical considerations or sea state prohibit use of surface assets, a top-down assault should be selected.B. Bottom-up – Raid force is inserted entirely by surface assets. Air assets may still be required for fires or contingencies.NTTP 3-22.5-ASTACSOP, October 2019 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO 142 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUOC. Combined – Raid force is inserted using methods described above, simultaneously or staggered.5. Aircraft Allocation and ConfigurationThe ARG/MEU composition or theater assets affect T / M / S availability and package composition. The following is a list of possible requirements; individual mission planners may add or drop assets, as appropriate.A. Assault package – Total lift required and suitability for insert requirements. Consider minimum force on deck. Consider developing flexible packages that are not constrained to a specific platform, including Navy aircraftB. Sniper platform – Rigging and position of sniper aboard aircraft (port, starboard, or both). Dedicated vs. designated.C. Isolation / outer cordon – Air or surface assets capable of isolating CCOI through kinetic or non-kinetic means, as required.D. Diversion aircraft – High-speed, low-pass aircraft (commonly referred to as a “thump”) prior to insert of raid forceE. Command and Control aircraft – Required communications / sensor capabilitiesF. ISR assets – Manned or unmanned assetsG. CASEVAC / QRF aircraft – Designated vs. dedicated. Hoist-capable aircraft for CASEVAC procedures may