3-22.5-ASTACSOP, October 2019 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUOC. Objective Area ImageryD. MAGTF and ACE Commander’s IntentE. Chosen or Likely Courses of Action (can be briefed)F. MAGTF and ACE Concept of Operations (ConOps)G. RFI BoardH. Friendly / Enemy Order Of Battle BoardI. SPINS BoardJ. Mission AssetsK. Billet assignments. Post the mission planning assignment tasks table (Planning Billets). This table shows planner assignments, the tasks they are to perform and rough completion times commensurate with the rapid planning time line.L. Master maps. A master navigation and objective area map are developed for each mission. The objective area map contains the items listed on the master map checklist (Planning Billets). The AMC or mission XO approves additions / deletions to the master map. The master map will be posted in an area accessible to all planners. Every cockpit is required to have a map / digital overlay identical to the master map. 5. Emphasis should be on timely dissemination of information with updates, clarification and corrections as soon as they are available. Everything posted must annotate a time and source.6. Mission planners check with the respective key players for guidance to ensure compliance with the commander’s intent and each planning cell is integrating with the others.7. Once a COA is selected by the MAGTF CO, the AMC or mission XO briefs planners / coordinators and issues further guidance.8. The mission XO passes / receives information and planning considerations to / from the planners / coordinators.9. As early as possible, planners locate and coordinate with support unit counterparts to complete proper detailed planning. Direct liaising with other units is imperative; solicitation of dedicated Liaison Officers (LNO) from the supported unit is encouraged.10. Planning cell members must coordinate amongst themselves to ensure support and planning guidance to the COA remains concurrent and parallel. Additionally, all planning cell members must reach out to primary planners in order to be informed of changes in accordance with the mission commander guidance/intent. Planners should strive to answer the following three questions: What do I know? Who needs to know it? Have I told them?11. At the initial due time (as listed on the planning time line), smart pack items and briefing aids shall be turned in to the mission XO. Required changes are incorporated and a final product submitted prior to the final due time.12. The confirmation brief is given in an area designated by the MAGTF Operations Officer (OPSO). At a minimum, the ACE should have the following in attendance: CO, OPSO, AMC, EFL, AFL, SFL, UAS coordinator, C3 Coordinator and a runner. All changes agreed upon at the confirmation brief are passed to the mission XO by the runner and incorporated into detailed planning. Once the confirmation brief has been approved, the plan may not change without approval from the overall mission commander. Refer to the Briefing Guides section of this publication for confirmation brief format.13. Detailed planning may continue during the confirmation brief, but it is imperative that it be completed prior to the AMC brief. The AMC brief is