(CUTTER 06 FLIGHT, KICK AZURE (if required)).” Initial attempt to chattermark should be conducted on the net affected. If that isn’t possible, use an alternate net that is being monitored by other members of the flight. This may require multiple kick calls over different nets to contact all members of the flight.D. RIO all players on new net.E. JSIR report to AC2. UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO 109NTTP 3-22.5-ASTACSOP, October 2019 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUOCOMMBEADWINDOW PROCEDURESAny station may initiate a BEADWINDOW call if friendly information is compromised. For example, if the number of troops in the assault force is broadcast over a plain text net the appropriate radio call is “BEADWINDOW 05.” BEADWINDOW CODESCODE CATEGORY01 POSITION02 CAPABILITIES03 OPERATIONS04 ELECTRONIC WARFARE05 PERSONNEL06 COMSEC07 WRONG CIRCUITNO COMMS SIGNALS1. Aircraft:A. Porpoise : signals all aircraft to move to next closer formation.B. Wing rock : signals all aircraft to move to the next formation out.C. Tail wag : signals all aircraft to go to trail formation.NOTEDo not use the tail wag / wing rock signals in parade formation; use hand and arm signals.2. Hand and arm signals . In aircraft with a crew chief or AGO, the signal may be passed by the applicable aircrew based on the location of the wing aircraft. Ensure that aircrews are briefed and familiar with all signals. The recipient will mirror the signal to acknowledge.A. Lead change (day) : The flight lead taps his forehead and points to the wingman, passing the lead. The wingman taps his forehead and points forward, accepting the lead.B. Lead change (night) : The flight lead moves a chemlight or flashlight in a circular motion. The wingman mirrors the signal, accepting the lead.C. Cruise : Hitchhiking motion from shoulder to shoulder.D. Combat cruise : Punching palm of hand with fist followed by hitchhiking motion from shoulder to shoulder.E. Combat spread : Open hand over eyes in a scanning motion.F. Wingman crossover : Forearm extended vertically with closed fist.G. Section crossover : Forearm extended vertically with closed fist, pumped up and down.H. Fuel check : Fist raised to mouth with thumb extended toward mouth in a drinking motion. Wingmen respond in pounds remaining.I. Radio failure : Tap ear cup (cannot receive) or microphone (cannot transmit) and point down with thumb.J. HEFOE : Place forehead down on forearm, then indicate number:(1) Hydraulic(2) Electrical(3) FuelNTTP 3-22.5-ASTACSOP, October 2019 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO 110 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO(4) Ordnance(5) EngineLOST COMMUNICATION PROCEDURESIf unable to communicate with a member of the flight, attempt the following:1. Attempt to contact another aircraft on the golden frequency.2. If the tactical situation allows, maneuver the aircraft abeam to gain another aircraft’s attention and pass the appropriate visual signal.A. Day: (1) Pass the appropriate hand and arm signals. When the signal is acknowledged, the bad comm aircraft becomes the tactical wingman.(2) If hand and arm signals are unsuccessful, the bad comm aircraft turns navigation lights to flashing bright and cycles the ramp (if applicable). Other aircraft will acknowledge with the same signal and return lights to the original configuration. The bad comm aircraft becomes the tactical