be required due to fouling of landing surfaces or man-overboard situations.H. Electronic warfare platforms / equipment6. Airspace / Objective Area PlanningA. Orientation of Objective area – The CCOI should be the reference point that drives objective area setup. If a shouldering ship is used, that ship’s TACAN or radar may be used for a common reference point. If the VBSS is surreptitious, a shouldering ship may not be present. In this instance, location information collected from sensors or ISR at pre-determined intervals may be used to form a keyhole template. (1) Determine whether the CCOI BRC or magnetic north/traditional keyhole template will be used as a common reference for air asset holding locations. If the CCOI is expected to maneuver erratically when approached or is capable of rapid direction changes, magnetic north may be preferred to prevent aircraft from arcing at long distances to maintain position. B. Assault holding / routing – Holding areas should facilitate approach from the stern of the CCOI to the maximum extent practical with a turn into the winds. Holding/ IP distances (relative to CCOI position) need to be selected based on tactical considerations. Consider Over-The-Horizon (OTH) distances, aural compromise, weapons engagement zones, and whether surprise is desired.C. Weapons employment – Sectors of fire, de-confliction, and movement / tracking of friendly forces must be considered for all weapons systems. Consider use of phase lines on CCOI. A thorough understanding of ROE and weapons release authority is imperative.(1) Aerial Sniper assets - One or multiple sniper assets may be used based on tactical considerations. Fires must be de-conflicted and sniper holding may need to be offset laterally from assault approach lanes. Optimal sniper employment is below 500 feet AGL and low airspeeds or hover.(2) Crew-served weapon employment – Type of round used based on Petroleum, Oil, and Lubricants (POL) aboard ship, gunner accuracy, and proximity to friendly forces must be considered.(3) Outer cordon weapons employment – Engagement zones, weaponeering, and escalation of force procedures UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO 143NTTP 3-22.5-ASTACSOP, October 2019 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUOVBSS7. CommunicationsA. Mission Command and Control – Depending on mission profile, communications between assets on the objective and the mission commander may be impeded by range and LOS. In such instances, employing an AC2 platform or radio relay platform between the objective and the mission commander should be considered.B. Objective Area Communications – Certain CCOI vessels may have multiple levels below deck and thicker hull and wall structures which complicate communications between air assets and the assault force. Careful consideration to should be given to key player location to ensure communication plan accounts for these factors.8. Contingencies Standard objective area contingencies must be considered. Some VBSS-specific considerations are listed below.A. CASEVAC – Consideration should be given to having hoist-capable assets and a rescue swimmer. Extract points for CASEVAC may not be close to the initial insert point or a planned extract location. Give consideration to staging a tailored echelon of care appropriate to the mission at an air-capable ship that is closer to the objective area.B. Emergency