isolated personnel recovered. All players can assume full accountability of TRAP force in the POPCORN call. If the RV needs to lift and leave the TRAP force on the ground, use the term “LIFTING.” RV should pass number of personnel inserted to OSC for accountability.NOTEThe terms “isolated personnel”, “survivor”, “PR”, “CSAR”, “rescue”, or any term relating to an isolating event, will not be used on clear frequencies. Isolated personnel are referred to using the following hierarchy: 1. Callsign; 2. “Objective”; 3. “Jack.”AUTHENTICATIONThe exact authentication used or expected to be used should be briefed. Generally, the SPINS information will be used initially because this is likely the only information available to the OSC. When using the word, number, or letter of the day, brief who uses specific information (e.g., OSC-WOD, RV-Number, TRAP Force-Letter). Limit compromise of information as much as possible (e.g., “What is the 2nd letter of the word of the day?” ) Track which authentication methods have been utilized and avoid using the same authentication question previously used in the event IP or radio communication has been compromised.NTTP 3-22.5-ASTACSOP, October 2019 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO 154 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUOIf ISOPREP data is available, limit the amount of information compromised during the authentication, such as using variations of the ISOPREP 4-digit number (e.g., “State the sum of your 1st and 3rd numbers” ) or answering questions derived from ISOPREP personal information. Isolated personnel should be re-authenticated any time positive control is not maintained. The TRAP force shall conduct final authentication prior to embarking the RV. COMMUNICATIONAfter communication with the IP has been established, the RMC should maintain an open communication link and avoid long periods of no communications with the IP. Should a communication gap be expected, inform the IP and provide a time to re-establish communications. The RMC should also establish certain communication rules of engagement to limit the adversary’s ability to locate and capture the IP. While specifics are dependent upon adversary threat capabilities, an example of possible IP communication ROE is provided below:1. Keep all transmissions to 5 seconds or less.2. Talk only to the RMC unless introduced by the RMC to another person / agency.3. Speak only when asked a question by the RMC or if in imminent threat.4. Utilize the radio’s earpiece (if equipped) to avoid detection.5. Do not transmit location in the clear unless asked to do so by RMC.6. Do not signal until asked to do so by the RMC / RV.7. Inform the RMC if you see friendly aircraft / vehicles.Throughout the execution, continue to reassure the isolated personnel and monitor transmission for signs of panic or medical emergency.DOWNED AIRCRAFT IMMEDIATE ACTIONSImmediate actions listed below serve as a guide to mission planning. Unit SOP or theatre SPINS may have more specific guidance and should be used in place of the steps below.1. If possible, pass the following information to wingman:A. Nature of problemB. IntentionsC. LocationD. Status of survivors (total / injured)E. Enemy situation2. Perform first aid for injured personnel.3. Zeroize / remove / destroy equipment or any