fire extinguisher first tries to establish an escape route for the aircrew and tries to extinguish or isolate the fire. EFR assets are the second fire-fighting response. The first priority is always saving the aircrew; the second priority is saving the aircraft.(5) Stop refueling operations. If there is a fire emergency within the site, all refueling operations must stop immediately and all hoses should be disconnected from aircraft.B. Affectedaircrew. In case of an aircraft fire while fueling, the aircrew handling the fuel nozzle shall immediately stop fueling and disconnect the nozzle from the aircraft. Pilots shall execute emergency engine shutdown procedures and exit the aircraft as quickly as possible.C. Other aircraft in FARP. Aircraft within the site and are refueling but not experiencing a fire should immediately: Stop fueling, disconnect hoses, and evacuate the site one aircraft at a time (priority goes to aircraft closest to the fire). If unable to evacuate the site, aircraft should shut down and aircrew should move to a safe location.D. No Comm procedures. If inbound aircraft are unable to establish two-way communication with MMT or OIC, the inbound aircraft executes the briefed No Comm plan. If a No Comm plan was not coordinated prior to execution, aircraft overflies spot at pattern altitude, rock tip path or wings during the day or turn on landing light at night, conduct an approach IAW the ingress and arm/de-arm heading, and land “to the spot” at pilot’s discretion. For daytime operations, the primary No Comm signal for MMT to authorize A/C clearance to land or depart is the display of a VS 17 marker panel. A VS-17 marker panel showing the orange side indicates “clearance to land or depart.” A VS-17 marker panel showing the cerise side indicates aircraft must go around. For night time operations, the primary No Comm signal to authorize aircraft clearance to land or depart is a buzzsaw or flashing light. Buzzsaw or flashing light indicates “clearance to land or depart.” No buzzsaw or flashing light, or the absence of any visual signal, indicates aircraft must go around. After the spot is verified clear, and after going around, the aircraft may land at pilot’s discretion.2. Site comes under attack. Cease site operations. Armed aircraft shall launch immediately and engage the threat. Fueling aircraft shall stop fueling, arm, and launch to defend the site. The ADGR aircraft or fuel trucks immediately depart the site.AIR TRAFFIC CONTROLFor large-scale FARP / ADGR operations MMTs (Marine Air Traffic Control Mobile Team) should be used to provide positive control of aircraft in and out of the site, particularly at night. Flights contact MMT (In the absence of MMT, flights should contact the Air Boss or OIC) 5 miles out or at the designated checkpoint for clearance. On deck in the site, aircraft shall secure anti-collision lights. Aircraft shall ensure that anti-collision lights (day operations) or IR anti-collision lights/IR lights (night operations) are turned on when repositioning. Use of overt/covert lighting must be coordinated between aircrew and site personnel. Consideration