second aircraft climbs to 400’, etc.). For situations where multiple LZ’s route to a single egress IP, using “rules of the road”, separate sides of a defined course line, or geographic feature to separate elements may be appropriate. Aircraft rejoin at the RP or next safe check point along the egress route.B. Each departing aircraft / element makes an individual lifting call IAW mandatory objective area communications. The AFL / flight lead is responsible for passing PAX numbers inserted / extracted to the EFL / escorts.COMMAND AND CONTROL AIRCRAFT1. C&C aircraft position . The C&C pilots will:A. Locate the MCA in a position to maintain sanctuary from the threat, good comms with any ground units being supported and C2 agencies, and SA of mission assets. The C&C pilot should verify line-of-sight comms and sensor fidelity during pre-mission planning. B. Transit between MCA at altitudes that do not conflict with other air or fire support assets; ensure the MCA is coordinated with the FSC.C. Choose an MCA that is readily identifiable by terrain features to the maximum extent possible. D. Plan for an alternate MCA in the event the C&C aircraft must slide due to a threat.E. An alternate AMC should be planned for to prevent gaps in AMC coverage.2. Communication . In addition to LOS comms, the MCA must facilitate reception of ground-based radios, which have significantly lower power output and range than ARC-210 aircraft radios.3. FARP priority . During FARP operations, priority is given to the C&C aircraft at the discretion of the AMC.4. Call sign . The C&C aircraft will use the aircraft schedule / ATO event call sign vice the mission commander or AMC call sign unless the C&C pilot makes a radio call on the AMC’s behalf.NTTP 3-22.5-ASTACSOP, October 2019 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO 140 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUOOBJECTIVE AREA CONTINGENCIES1. Contingencies . At a minimum, AMCs and flight leaders should consider the following contingencies:A. Asset attritionB. TRAPC. CASEVACD. Emergency extractE. Immediate re-embark2. Pop-up Missions . Mission requirements may force assets to converge into a single objective area to accomplish frag / “pop-up” tasking. Mission participants should use the Keyhole method as a common “point of departure” to allow attack, assault, and FW assets to integrate effectively (see MCRP 3-16.6A ALSA JFIRE MTTP for keyhole template). UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO 141NTTP 3-22.5-ASTACSOP, October 2019 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUOVBSSVISIT, BOARD, SEARCH, AND SEIZURE (VBSS)GENERAL1. For MAGTF operations, VBSS is the second major category of Maritime Interdiction Operations (MIO) and is closely related to the missions of ship take-down operations and ship recovery operations. A ship take-down is designed to seize control of a seagoing vessel from hostile forces for the purpose of conducting searches of embarked persons or cargo, capture of enemy personnel, destruction of specific embarked cargo, or other missions as directed. A ship recovery is designed to recover US or allied seagoing vessels that may have been seized by hostile forces. VBSS may be conducted in either an opposed or unopposed environment, and to a variety of different vessels. Assets available to MAGTF planners vary significantly from