contact ESCORT OPERATIONS1. Escort Flight Leader . The EFL brief will be given to the flight to be escorted; the EFL brief does not replace the section, division, or flight brief for the escort flight.2. Escort Coverage . The employment of attached or detached helicopter escort will depend on the type of escort aircraft, the size of the escorted element, the number of escort assets available, and the enemy situation. Consideration must be given to tiltrotor aircraft to de-conflict high-altitude holding, descent to the IP, and the capabilities of the escort aircraft. The following are basic considerations for escort operations:A. Formations . The standard attached escort formation is flown at the 5 o’clock and 7 o’clock positions of the flight. In this formation, the escort aircraft on the flanks of the assault package flow up and down the formation as threat and terrain dictate. For example, if approaching a village at the flight’s 12 o’clock, the escorts push ahead to the 10 o’clock and 2 o’clock to ensure that the area is secure prior to the package being overhead. Following this reconnaissance, the escorts would maneuver to the aft of the formation. Extended flight at the 10 o’clock and 2 o’clock is not desired due to the restricted ability to react to a threat on the flight’s beam or rear. In large formations, with limited escort aircraft, the EFL may move to the 3 o’clock and 9 o’clock positions for better coverage. To remain clear of assault door gunner fields of fire (and if the tactical situation allows), the escorts should notify the package if they are traversing the flanks of the flight and should consider flying step-up on the package. NTTP 3-22.5-ASTACSOP, October 2019 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO 122 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUOSTANDARD ESCORT FORMATIONATTACHED ESCORTB. Section Integrity . With four or more attached escorts, maintain section integrity. For example, with four escorts, two would fly as a section at the 5 o’clock, and two would fly as a section at the 7 o’clock. This is briefed as “SECTIONS AT THE 5 AND 7.” The other SOP option is one section at the 10 o’clock and 2 o’clock and the other section at the 5 o’clock and 7 o’clock, briefed as “BOX ESCORT.”SECTIONS AT THE 5 AND 7 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO 123NTTP 3-22.5-ASTACSOP, October 2019 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUOEN ROUTE OPS“BOX” ESCORT FORMATIONC. Detached Escort . Escorts will proceed on the assault route of flight to conduct route reconnaissance. Escorts should plan for at least 10 minutes in the vicinity of the LZ for zone reconnaissance. The EFL should consider using a yardstick plan to assist in acquiring the assault flight as they enter the objective area. NTTP 3-22.5-ASTACSOP, October 2019 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO 124 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUODETACHED ESCORT D. (1) In the above example, the EFL Venom 11 tunes up 104Y off of Metal 41 flight (63Y off assault flight 41Y, carried by Metal 44) to increase SA prior to the checkpoint prior call. E. NVD Escort . During LLL NVD attached escort, maintain a position in welded wing or heavy to one