shall develop sectors of fire to enable assault platforms to provide suppressive fires during ingress / egress from the LZ as well as for the ground force while on deck in the LZ. (3) Sectors of fire are established based on friendly positions and control measures, and should maximize weapons employment while minimizing collateral damage and fratricide by clearly delineating where door / ramp guns can fire without effects on friendlies. Considerations need to be given to geometry and weapon effects with regard to friendly positions when planned or reactive fires are employed from assault support aircraft in the terminal phase of the approach. (4) Sectors of fire should be tied to recognizable terrain features, when able.(5) Sectors of fire cover where to shoot, not when to shoot.(6) During the conduct of an air assault, friendly force disposition and location change. Sectors of fire typically change between waves of assaults based on friendly maneuver. (7) Escorts are typically responsible for targets beyond the confines of the LZ.CAUTIONMaximizing assault gunner sectors of fire should be balanced with the placement of escort aircraft and their respective BPs. This should not, however, prevent placement of RW ACMs to support the ground SOM. If an ACM and a sector of fire must overlap, the de-confliction plan must be briefed in detail.C. Fields of fire(1) Fields of fire depict the traverse range of a weapon system limited by the mechanical stops and max effective range of the weapon system.(2) Fields of fire should be contained within the assigned sector of fire when on deck in the LZ. UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO 139NTTP 3-22.5-ASTACSOP, October 2019 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUOOBJ AREALANDING ZONE1. Cold LZ departures.A. After landing in a cold LZ and debarking Marines, all aircraft report “RAMPS UP” over intra-flight in reverse flight order when ready. AFL / Flight lead initiate departure using the mandatory “LIFTING” call.B. For no comms or lost comms situations, consideration should be given to planning a visual signal to indicate that the flight is ready for departure (e.g., IR searchlight on and pointed down when ready for departure, etc.)C. During an approach to the LZ, if an aircraft executes a wave-off, the aircrew transmit, “(CALL SIGN), WAVE-OFF, (LZ NAME)” and rejoin the flight in the intended position. If the aircraft is unable to safely land in its intended position, land as Dash Last. If it is necessary for the flight to wave-off, transmit, “(CALL SIGN) FLIGHT, WAVE-OFF, (LZ NAME)” and all aircraft wave-off, maintaining flight integrity.2. Hot LZ departuresA. After landing in a hot LZ and debarking Marines, each aircraft immediately lifts when the departure path is clear and execute the pre-briefed hot LZ departure procedures. (1) The first aircraft out of the zone, when the departure path is clear, proceed via routing to the egress IP, climbing to the highest altitude assigned to the assault aircraft within the objective area. Subsequent aircraft proceed to a lower altitude providing appropriate separation (e.g. Assaults are assigned 0-500’ AGL. First aircraft out of the zone climbs to 500’,