side of the formation, as appropriate, to reduce the potential for a midair collision. If the EFL desires to do otherwise, it must be briefed in detail.F. Assault Gunner Procedures . Specific sectors of fire / limitations shall be briefed for all weapons conditions. Gunner awareness of escort locations and actions in response to threats is imperative.G. COMMUNICATIONS DURING ATTACHED ESCORTH. (1) Escorts shall have a way to directly contact the escorted flight in the event of evasive actions. This can be over the assault intra-flight or another common net (not AFL or EFL common). If the same intra-flight net is used between assaults and escorts, full call signs shall be used. Consideration needs to be given in planning to the nets each element needs to monitor for the conduct of the mission. (A) Typically the AFL / Assault lead acts as the flight lead for the escorted package. This includes the assault flight lead making ATC / AC2 radio calls for the flight. The EFL / escort lead should monitor the ATC / AC2 NETs for applicable threat and / or mission updates.3. FW Escort . Detached escort is the standard for FW escort. Several methods of detached escort patterns can be used; each allows a 1-minute or less response time and no more than 8 miles from the assault flight. Attached escort optimizes reaction time, but it may highlight the position of the assault support flight. Attached FW escort requires a low-threat environment.OBJECTIVE AREA41Y104Y15NM UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO 125NTTP 3-22.5-ASTACSOP, October 2019 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUOEN ROUTE OPSEVASIVE ACTIONSEvasive actions are broken into four categories: Small arms and Air Defense Artillery (ADA); infrared Surface-to-Air Missiles (SAMs) and Air-to-Air Missiles (AAMs); Radar Warning Receiver (RWR) indications; and air threat. Maneuvering to avoid a threat should be proportional to the threat posed to the mission. The decision to maneuver the flight around a threat rests with the flight leader; however, anyone in the flight may call a maneuver to avoid an immediate threat.1. Small arms and ADA . Evasive action is based on the threat having an effect on the flight.A. Effective fire (the first three steps should be performed near-simultaneously):(1) Make evasive maneuver.(2) Suppress the threat. (3) Notify the flight.(4) Maneuver to terrain mask / beam the threat and exit engagement area.(5) IFREP to DASC or other aircraft in vicinity.NOTEConsideration should be given to expending flares while maneuvering to defeat potential IR missiles.B. Non-effective fire:(1) Continue mission (circumnavigate / alternate route).(2) Notify the flight. (3) IFREP to DASC or other aircraft in vicinity.2. IR SAM / IR AAM :A. Dispense flares while making a “FLARES, FLARES, FLARES” call.B. Make evasive maneuver.C. Suppress the threat.D. Maneuver to terrain mask.E. Continue based on go / no-go criteria.F. IFREP to DASC or other aircraft in vicinity.3. RWR indications :A. Search and acquisition strobe “DIRT”:(1) Maneuver to terrain mask.(2) Notify the flight of strobe direction and type.(3) Continue mission (circumnavigate / alternate route).(4) IFREP to DASC or other aircraft in vicinity.B. Track strobe “MUD-(Type)”:(1) Dispense chaff while making a,