if the flight executes the scatter plan.1. Maintain section integrity.2. During escorted operations, assault aircraft will evade / scatter; the escorts will suppress the threat until the assaults are clear. 3. On ingress to the target / objective area, the flight rendezvous at the last known safe checkpoint.4. Upon rendezvous, the flight leader / mission commander determines whether to continue the mission.5. On egress from the target / objective area, the flight will rendezvous at the next safe checkpoint on the route (away from the target area).INADVERTANT IMCConsider the following factors to avoid encountering IIMC:1. If lead elements call “POPEYE,” trailing elements will maneuver to avoid IMC.2. Use other airborne assets already ahead on the route, if feasible, to determine the weather.3. Break into smaller formations, separate by time, rendezvous the flight at a known checkpoint.4. Fly lower and slower as conditions dictate.5. Tailor the breakup plan to the terrain and the en route threat.6. Abide by briefed weather go criteria.The flight conducts a fan break if Inadvertent IMC (IIMC) is encountered. On encountering IIMC, lead calls and fly base heading and airspeed and climb (if necessary) to the MSA. Refer to the IIMC Fan Break figure for altitude and heading changes. After directed by Lead and upon completion of fan break turn, aircraft checks in with Lead and report flight position, current flight conditions, heading and altitude (“-3, IMC, HEADING 330, CLIMBING THROUGH 2,200”). Based on the check-in information, known threat, terrain, and obstacles, Lead redirects the flight to gain VMC or consider assigning altitudes to increase separation for prolonged IMC flight. Expect 180-degree turn from base heading if inbound to the objective area and a return to the base heading if outbound from the objective area.The IIMC Fan Break figure is a guide based on four assaults in combat cruise with four attached escorts at the 5 o’clock and 7 o’clock position. The flight leader may need to adjust IIMC procedures based on formation and number of aircraft in the flight.A flight in restrictive terrain (mountainous) should give consideration to each aircraft maintaining route navigation, but adjusting airspeed to allow separation. If the mission will be conducted through restrictive terrain, the mission brief shall contain a detailed IIMC procedure for the flight based on specific mission details. UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO 129NTTP 3-22.5-ASTACSOP, October 2019 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUOEN ROUTE OPSIIMC FAN BREAK-3:BASE HDG +30DEGMSA +600FT-2:BASE HDG-20 DEGMSA +400FT-4:BASE HDG -40DEGMSA +800FT-7:BASE HDG -70DEGMSA +1,400 FT-8:BASE HDG -80 DEGMSA +1,600 FT-5:BASE HDG-50 DEGMSA +1,000 FT-6:BASE HDG -60 DEGMSA +1,200 FTLEAD: CALL&FLY BASE HDG,AIRSPEED, CLIMB TOMSALOSS OF VISUAL CONTACTIf any member of the flight loses visual contact an immediate “BLIND” call shall be made over the element intra-flight. 1. The flight lead reports heading, altitude, and airspeed 2. Blind aircraft establishes heading and altitude separation A. Turn 20 degrees away from flight lead’s called heading B. Maintain 200’ of separation from flight lead’s called altitude C. Once established, report current heading and altitude3. Flight lead directs the conduct of the rendezvousNOTEIf more than one element