the mission, make corrections and distribute to all applicable agencies).16. Supporting arms :A. Determine where the supporting arms are located and which of these units will be in position to provide support during all phases of the operation (e.g. ingress, objective area, and egress).B. Consider a deception plan consisting of artillery or naval surface fires.C. Ensure that integration with the GCE has been conducted if smoke or illumination will be used to support an air assault.D. Verify frequencies and call signs of all supporting arms units.17. Evasive maneuvers : A. Based on the known or suspected threats, determine the evasive maneuvers required to survive each engagement scenario.(1) Radar-guided SAMs: Notch speeds, beam maneuvers, radar weaknesses, missile weaknesses, ASE indications / warnings, and expendable usage.(2) IR SAMs: ALE settings (expendable rates and combinations), ALQ settings.(3) ADA: Ranges of particular systems, tracking indications.(4) Air Interceptor: FW / RW aircrafts ordnance and weapon system capabilities.B. Expendable use and settings. C. Develop a scatter plan for all phases of the flight that includes a rendezvous plan and accountability.D. Define communication requirements and procedures for alerting the flight and notifying higher echelons (e.g., who sends / receives the report, and when will the report be sent).18. Downed aircraft procedures :A. Procedures (ingress / egress):(1) Determine if the loss of the aircraft affects mission accomplishment.(2) Determine if aircraft was downed by mechanical problems or as a result of enemy action. (3) Designate recovery aircraft if relying on embedded TRAP. (4) Determine if the ground units have the capacity to conduct a ground TRAP.(5) Coordinate with the S-2 to determine the bullseye location, designated areas of recovery (DAR), and isolated personnel actions.(6) Determine the location of the nearest medical facilities. (7) Determine response time of TRAP package and consider using all available assets should enemy situation warrant immediate actions.(8) Establish a TRAP plan that identifies a TRAP commander and define the procedures to recover aircrew and / or deliver passengers to planned destination.19. Fuel :A. Calculate fuel requirements for all aircraft.B. Establish fuel bingos: UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO 105NTTP 3-22.5-ASTACSOP, October 2019 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUOBRIEFING CONSIDERATIONS(1) Determine time, distance, and heading to nearest FARP / FOB.(2) Consider current weather conditions and their effects on the bingo.(3) Joker fuel considerations (as required).(4) Coordinate with MWSS to establish FARP procedures or an equivalent authority for RGR procedures.(A) Identify priority aircraft (e.g., command and control aircraft, and CAS platforms).(B) Determine fuel availability.(C) Determine ordnance requirements (ammunition and personnel).(D) Identify frequencies, call signs, and locations of FARP participants (MMT, MWSS, and ASE / DASC).(E) Ensure FARP / RGR flow is flexible to account for effects of winds and altitudes (landing direction).20. Electronic warfare :A. Determine necessity for aircraft survivability equipment.B. Establish chattermark procedures and coordinate with C3 for additional frequencies.C. Determine who will report deception / meaconing via a MIJI report.21. Inadvertent IMC :A. Establish procedures that account for terrain and the tactical situation.B. Determine procedures for recovery under positive control.C. Define communication required to minimize confusion and radio transmissions. D. Consider a rendezvous plan if