(MOPP) level IV because rapid donning of the mask and protective clothing while flying is virtually impossible.B. After a CBRN attack, an NBC-1 report will be transmitted to higher headquarters. C. Mission duration will be reduced due to physiological effects of aircrew flying in MOPP level IV.D. If contaminated during the mission, fly at maximum speed feasible and low altitude to evaporate gross contamination.E. Limit spread of contamination by seating contaminated personnel downwind of “clean” passengers and aircrew. Limit movement about the cabin and consolidate personal equipment where it would least affect the course of operations. 2. Decontamination and post-flight: A. Upon arrival at destination, proceed to the designated decontamination sites to perform hasty or detailed decontamination of personnel and equipment.B. As mission and commander dictate, contaminated aircraft should be utilized for further CBRN operations and “clean” aircraft for clean operations.FENCE CHECKSFENCE-IN checks shall be completed as soon as possible after launch based on the threat (or as briefed) to identify maintenance / ordnance discrepancies in preparation for mission execution. Report systems malfunctions to lead using a “BENT” call and a plain-language description of the malfunction. Complete FENCE-OUT checks as threat and safety dictate, but no later than crossing the airfield / FOB / FARP boundary. During peacetime operations, the ALE will be armed / de-armed as appropriate to mitigate hazards to civilians (checklist items may be deferred until appropriate per range / training considerations).FENCE-IN / FENCE-OUT (see appropriate TPG for T/M/S specific items)Fire control• Cockpit switches• Crew-served weapons: weapons systems locked and loaded or clearedEmissions• TACAN, RadAlt (as appropriate)• Lights (as appropriate)• IFF• VDL (as appropriate)Navigation• MGRS / Metric• CDNU / MFD appropriate page• Video recording asset stamped / initiated as required• FLIR optimization / capabilities configured as appropriate UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO 121NTTP 3-22.5-ASTACSOP, October 2019 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUOEN ROUTE OPSCommunication• Radios set• DI set for missionExpendables• ASE set to appropriate conditionAIR TO AIR TACAN1. Flight elements should plan to use yardstick as an sa enhancer en route and in the objective area rather than exclusively within specific flight elements. The recommended technique one aircraft within the element always carries the low yardstick for the duration of the mission. This allows flight leads to use tacan for navigation, flight spacing, or yardstick (lead tunes the high yardstick to view distance to / from other flight elements or distance to / from dash last). Each element’s yardstick is briefed and included on mission products. When able, matching flight elements low yardstick to element call sign should be done (ex: venom 11 is assigned 11y). The following are different techniques to effectively use yardstick:A. Deliberate element rejoini. Yardstick can assist in distance SA for the flight lead during a deliberate rejoinB. Objective area integrationi. Efl executing detached escort can tune up each assault flights yardstick to assist in time / distance visual acquisitionC. En route SAi. Flight leads can “ping” other flight elements for distanceWARNINGAir to air TACAN SHALL NOT be used as the primary means of de-confliction within a flight during loss of visual