2019 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUOOBJ AREAOBJECTIVE AREAOBJECTIVE AREA CHECKS1. Objective area checks are made prior to entering the objective area or at another briefed location. At this point, accomplish the following:A. Note timeB. Review / complete FENCE checksC. Comms set, flow reviewedD. Weapons conditions, systems set; tasks / sector of fire reviewedE. Landing plan / wave-off reviewedF. Controlling authority / Objective area / GCE calls madeLZ RECONNAISSANCE1. The most thorough and reliable means of clearing an LZ is to rely on friendly ground units located in or near the LZ. Aviation ISR assets are a suitable substitute for ground recon assets, provided that two-way communication is established with the airborne asset detachment and real-time information is available to the AMC. If neither airborne nor ground recon assets are available or tactically desired, then escort assets perform LZ recon. Mission requirements and en route escort determine the LZ recon method.2. If RW escorts provide attached escort, then LZ recon is provided by, in order:A. Friendly ground units in or near the LZ.B. NVD and sensor-equipped FW aircraft, to include Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS).C. The same RW escorts will provide LZ recon only if the assault flight enters holding prior to the IP.3. If RW escorts provide detached escort, the LZ recon is provided by, in order:A. Friendly ground units in or near the LZ.B. NVD- and sensor-equipped FW aircraft, including UAS. C. Detached RW escort; expect at least 10 minutes for sensor-equipped aircraft to detect, recognize, and identify threats in the LZ.4. The asset providing the LZ recon pass the following information to the assault flight leader as soon as possible:A. Enemy situation (and holding delay if required).B. Obstacles not previously briefed.C. Escort positions.D. Winds (if able to determine).E. Threat status; a hot LZ is a zone that has any threat that poses a risk to the assault and / or embarked troops. A cherry zone indicates that the threat has met or exceeded the briefed cherry criteria. Silence is not consent; if nothing is heard from the EFL, do not continue beyond the IP. Positive clearance is a decision point and de-confliction measure.LZ STATUSIce: LZ has enemy activity that has met or is below the pre-briefed risk tolerance of the mission commander for the ground force and air assets. Cherry: LZ has enemy activity that has exceeded the pre-briefed risk tolerance of the mission commander for the ground force and air assets.Briefing: CHERRY criteria for the LZ is what should be briefed by the EFL along with follow on actions. NTTP 3-22.5-ASTACSOP, October 2019 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO 134 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO For example: The S-2 assesses the enemy possesses ZPUs and Mechanized Infantry as part of an un-located force to be near the objective area. The assault force cannot defend against Mechanized Infantry until their organic anti-armor weapons systems are in a position to engage. Based on Terrain and Enemy, a required standoff of 1800 meters is determined to provide adequate time to accomplish this. Additionally the AFL cannot risk landing within the WEZ of a ZPU.