wingman.B. Night / NVG: (1) Flash the IR search light to indicate bad comm. When the other aircraft acknowledges with the same signal, the bad comm aircraft will assume the tactical wingman position, and all aircraft will return to the briefed lighting configuration.(2) If the IR searchlight is ineffective, the bad comm aircraft signal with navigation lights on, flashing dim (threat permitting) and cycle the ramp (if applicable). Other aircraft acknowledge by mirroring the signal. When the other aircraft acknowledges with the same signal, the bad comm aircraft assumes the tactical wingman position, and all aircraft return to the briefed lighting configuration.3. Objective Area: A. Escorts . The bad comm aircraft commences hand and arm signals or the lighting procedures once re-established in either the BP or HA, depending on egress instructions. The bad comm aircraft becomes the wingman if comms are not regained. The bad comm aircraft (wingman) cease firing during peacetime training missions yet remain in position. During an actual contingency, the wingman remains in position and assumes a weapons-hold posture.B. Assaults . If an assault aircraft goes lost comm in the objective area, maintain position per the briefed objective area actions, then signal wingman per the day or night / NVG visual signals.C. Escort and assault coordination . For coordination between escorts and assault aircraft, the escorts will give an LZ Ice signal by sending an aircraft back to the assault IP with a steady searchlight in the day (IR searchlight at night) and then join at the 5 o’clock or 7 o’clock position to escort them to the LZ. Escorts give an LZ Cherry signal by flying back to the assault IP with lead flashing the searchlight in the day (IR searchlight at night). UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO 111NTTP 3-22.5-ASTACSOP, October 2019 UNCLASSIFIED//FOUOCOMMCODE WORDS / PROWORDS / BREVITY CODESCommunications brevity alleviates confusion and minimizes transmission time. As practical, every call should start with a call sign.1. Standards :A. Call signs (e.g., ELVIS 21) are mandatory. Personal call signs shall not be used on mission nets. Use of full call signs is recommended on nets monitored by multiple flights, where the use of “FLIGHT, EXECUTE ____” may appear to be a directive to a member of another element. Additionally, on nets monitored by multiple flights, wingmen should respond using their full call sign, as the use of the call sign suffix alone may be confusing (e.g., Scareface 11 and Gunfighter 32 may be on the same net simultaneously).B. Clarity is more important than brevity.C. Reduce long transmissions to short ones: 3–5 seconds in length.D. Be directive, then descriptive. Defensive calls precede offensive calls.2. Use standard brevity code words. IAW with MCRP 3-30B.1 (Multi-Service Brevity Codes).3. Common Geographic Reference System / Global Area Reference System . A Common Geographic Reference System (CGRS) is any administrative measure used to clearly define two-dimensional geographical areas for battlespace coordination, de-confliction, and synchronization. In 2007, the DOD established the Global Area Reference System (GARS) as the joint standard, a specific type of CGRS, which divides